Remove AIRFLOW_GID from Docker images (#18747)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/docker-stack/build-arg-ref.rst

|                                          |                                          | Auto-detected if empty.                     |
+------------------------------------------+------------------------------------------+---------------------------------------------+

.. note::

>     Before Airflow 2.2, the image also had ``AIRFLOW_GID`` parameter, but it had not provided any additional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Before Airflow 2.2, the image also had ``AIRFLOW_GID`` parameter, but it did not provide any additional
```
